docs: further clarify and reinforce the performance impacts of single page apps (SPAs) (#11637)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/50-adapter-static.md

```js
/// file: src/routes/+layout.js
// If you're using a fallback (i.e. SPA mode) you don't need to prerender all
// pages by setting this here, but should prerender as many as possible to

> // avoid disastrous performance and SEO impacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// avoid performance hits and SEO impacts
```

### fallback

> Specify a fallback page to generate for [SPA mode](single-page-apps) — e.g. `index.html` or `200.html` or `404.html`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify the name of the fallback page that SvelteKit should generate in [SPA mode](single-page-apps). For example: `index.html`, `200.html`, or `404.html`.
```

Author: This sounds like you have to enable SPA mode for the fallback to be generated, but in actuality generating the fallback it how you opt in to SPA mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a [Single Page App](single-page-apps) you need to specify the name of the entry point generated by SvelteKit. This is commonly `index.html` or `200.html`, but can vary depending on your deployment platform.
```

What about something like this?

Author: looks good to me. I also added a few more tweaks if you'd like to take another look

> To create a [Single Page App](single-page-apps) you must specify the name of the fallback page generated by SvelteKit, which is used as the entry point for URLs that have not been prerendered. This is commonly `index.html` or `200.html`, but can vary depending on your deployment platform.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a [single page app (SPA)](single-page-apps) you must specify the name of the fallback page generated by SvelteKit, which is used as the entry point for URLs that have not been prerendered. This is commonly `index.html` or `200.html`, but can vary depending on your deployment platform.
```

### fallback

> To create a [single page app (SPA)](single-page-apps) you must specify the name of the fallback page to be generated by SvelteKit, which is used as the entry point for URLs that have not been prerendered. This is commonly `200.html`, but can vary depending on your deployment platform. You should avoid `index.html` where possible to avoid conflicting with a prerendered homepage. Note that this option has large negative performance and SEO impacts and is recommended only in very limited circumstances such as when being wrapped in a mobile app. See the [single page apps](single-page-apps) documentation for more details and alternatives.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a [single page app (SPA)](single-page-apps) you must specify the name of the fallback page to be generated by SvelteKit, which is used as the entry point for URLs that have not been prerendered. This is commonly `200.html`, but can vary depending on your deployment platform. You should avoid `index.html` where possible to avoid conflicting with a prerendered homepage. 

> This option has large negative performance and SEO impacts and is recommended only in very limited circumstances such as when being wrapped in a mobile app. See the [single page apps](single-page-apps) documentation for more details and alternatives.
```
